Ah, is there someone here?
Just go and sit
Grandpa, you only have Brother Zhang Fan in your eyes
Don't be tired, hurry up and investigate with Xiaoxiao
wrong
Light rain
Where do you work?
Is it convenient?
If you are not used to it
I have another villa here
If there are few people, I can get it in advance here.
Our family is both beautiful and virtuous
How old is that five years younger than you?
Oh grandpa
Why do you ask people this?
Brother Rhubarb wants to open a store in the provincial capital
What you like is that our house is next door.
The store on the street
Okay, okay.
Then I'll give you that store.
Mom will go find the key later
Take your little hand
Thank you for your photo.
Well late grandpa
Oops, it's all little things
You can take care of it.
I can rest assured to save the black-hearted clothes.
Big family
Black heart
Of course, yeah.
It's the same hospital where my grandfather passed out last time.